Options to configure:


--with-readline[=PREFIX]
--without-readline

(Do not) use the readline library if it is detected for hardware
console command line editing. Default is to use it. IF PREFIX is
given, then PREFIX/include is added to the header file search path and
PREFIX/lib to the library search path.


--with-polling=METHOD

Specify how to poll for asynchronous input (TTY devices). METHOD can
be one of the following:

select:

Call select from the main program thread. This has the disadvantage
that select cannot be called every simulated clock cycle, since that
way over half of the CPU time available in the host system where YAMS
is running will be used in select. To avoid this, select is called
only every ASYNC_INPUT_POLL_INTERVAL (defined in async_input.c). This
is the old way of doing the polling. However, limiting the calls to
select is a compromise and not a very elegant way of doing the
polling, which is precisely why the other polling methods were added.

pthread:

Use POSIX threads and semaphores to poll the input. The polling is
done in a separate thread with an indefinitely blocking call to
select, and the main thread is signaled when there is input available.
This is the default, with a fall-back to the select method if POSIX
threads are not available.

fork:

Similar to using threads, but the polling is done in a separate
process. The disadvantages are that the polling thread will consume a
lot of unneeded memory, since it is forked after most dynamic memory
allocation (e.g. the main memory space), and that the polling process
may be left running if the main process is terminated abnormally.


From the efficiency viewpoint, pthread and fork are the preferable
methods, of which pthread is better since the thread cleanup is done
by the OS thus leaving no ghost process in case of abnormal
termination.


--with-polling-interval=N

Override the value of ASYNC_INPUT_POLL_INTERVAL (defined in
async_input.c), which defines how often (in simulated clock cycles)
the select polling method calls select(). This should be a positive
integer.
